---
toc: true
layout: post
description: This post goes through everything I learned and completed in my App Lab quiz.
categories: [markdown]
title: App Lab Quiz
---

# Quiz Description

My quiz is a quiz about animals. The quiz contains 3 questions and you are given an unlimited number of attempts to complete the quiz. Since you are given an unlimited number of attempts, there is no score given after the quiz is completed. When an incorrect answer is chosen, the user will be taken to a screen telling them they got the question incorrect and they need to try again. When the correct answer is chosen, the user will be taken to a screen telling them they got the question correct and they will proceed to the next question. Once all the questions have been answered correctly, the user will be taken to the final screen telling them they have have completed the quiz.

# Successes

I had many successes while making my animal quiz. One success that I had was that I was able to add many images that related to the questions. These images will not only add more to my quiz, but they also make the quiz more entertaining. Another success I had was using buttons to allow the user to advance through the quiz. I like the use of buttons because they are a much cleaner way of selecting an answer than just clicking an image (method used in teacher's example).

# Challenges

Not only did I have many successes, but I also had a few challenges while making the quiz. My biggest challenge was trying to figure out how I should make my incorrect and correct systems. Finally, I decided to make incorrect and correct screens for each question that appeared depending on whether the user gets the question correct or incorrect. Another challenge that I had was with finding images with a transparent background. After watching a video explaining how to find images with transparent backgrounds on Google, I was able to good images that worked well with my quiz.

# Discoveries

Throughout my journey of creating my first quiz with JavaScript, I made many discoveries. One discovery I made was that you can personalize your quiz by changing the theme of it. I selected Under the Sea" as my theme. Another discovery that I made was that buttons can be used to progress through different screens. Speaking of screens, I discovered that I could utilize many screens including incorrect screens, correct screens, and screens containing questions and answers.

# Link to Quiz

Here is a link to my quiz: [Quiz](https://studio.code.org/projects/applab/EB-i44-YdY1orr73DxyAuvWTo7xMUm_c3aNxrLtDM3k)